Moving SCTP support from alpha to beta (#21672)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `RuntimeClass` | `false` | Alpha | 1.12 | 1.13 |
| `RuntimeClass` | `true` | Beta | 1.14 | |

> | `SCTPSupport` | `false` | Alpha | 1.12 | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `SCTPSupport` | `false` | Alpha | 1.12 | 1.18|
```

Author: Fixed.

- `RunAsGroup`: Enable control over the primary group ID set on the init processes of containers.
- `RuntimeClass`: Enable the [RuntimeClass](/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class/) feature for selecting container runtime configurations.
- `ScheduleDaemonSetPods`: Enable DaemonSet Pods to be scheduled by the default scheduler instead of the DaemonSet controller.

> - `SCTPSupport`: Enables the usage of SCTP as `protocol` value in `Service`, `Endpoint`, `EndpointSlice`, `NetworkPolicy` and `Pod` definitions

Reviewer: Mostly fixing what was already wrong, but good to clean up:
```suggestion
- `SCTPSupport`: Enables the _SCTP_ `protocol` value in Pod, Service, Endpoints, EndpointSlice, and NetworkPolicy definitions.
```

Note that [Endpoints](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#endpoints-v1-core) is plural.

Author: Fixed.
